KEYCLOAK-10776 Add info about session length in authnStatement to docs (#698)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_admin/topics/clients/client-saml.adoc

  If you've ever done a social login to Google, you'll often see a similar page.  {project_name} provides the same functionality.

Include AuthnStatement::
  SAML login responses may specify the authentication method used (password, etc.) as well as a timestamps of the login and the session expiration.

>   This is enabled by default value, which means that AuthStatement element will be included in login responses. Notice, that setting this to off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is enabled by default which means that `AuthStatement` element will be included in login responses. Note that setting this to off
```

>   will make client side unable to know session length, what will result in timeless session on client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  would prevent client from determining maximum session length which could result into never expiring client session.
```

>   would prevent client from determining maximum session length which could result into never expiring client session.

Reviewer 2: Suggest adding "the" --- would prevent "the" client from determining "the" maximum....
